————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————
1. Complete definitions for Scrum related key terminology provided below.
————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————

Scrum ceremonies
----------------

There are four formal ceremonies (i.e. events) that occur within the containing 
event – the Sprint.

1. Sprint Planning – An event that kicks off a sprint. It defines what can be 
delivered and how it will be achieved. Items to be completed within a sprint are 
selected from the Product Backlog (see further description below). Sprint 
planning can help to foster team spirit and motivation.

Product Backlog refinement – The Product Backlog is an ordered list of what is 
needed to improve the product. Product Backlog refinement is the process of 
breaking Product Backlog items into smaller, more precise items. This helps to 
identify the tasks that can be achieved with a Sprint.

2. Daily Scrum – This is the daily meeting/stand up that involves product owners, 
developers and the scrum master. Each person discusses what they have been 
working on, what they are about to work on and any issues they have. It is an 
opportunity to review and adapt the upcoming planned work if required. The 
meetings often take place towards the start of the day and at the same time each 
day. It makes everyone feel like they are part of a team working towards the 
same goal.

3. Sprint Review – A meeting with the Scrum Team and key stakeholders where team 
members describe and demonstrate the work they have done in a Sprint. Its 
purpose is to inspect the outcome of the Sprint and assess the progress made 
towards the Product Goal.

4. Sprint Retrospective – This in an event where the Scrum Team reviews how the 
last Sprint went, discussing what went well, any problems encountered and how 
the problems were solved. They identify helpful changes that could be made to 
improve their effectiveness.


Scrum roles
-----------

A Scrum Team consists of members who together have the skills necessary to 
create value during each Sprint. They are self-managing, deciding internally who 
does what, when and how. The team typically consists of around 10 people or 
fewer.

Scrum Master – The team member responsible for ensuring the Scrum framework is 
followed. They ensure all members understand Scrum theory. They are accountable 
for the team's effectiveness.

Product Owner – The team member responsible for maximising the value of the 
product and representing the needs of the stakeholders. They manage the Product 
Backlog (i.e. the overall list of tasks required to complete the product) and 
make sure the team understand what they are. They communicate the Product Goal 
to the rest of the team.

Development team – Technical professionals who build the product. They create 
the Sprint Backlog (i.e. pick the items from the Product Backlog that will be 
completed during the Sprint), adhere to the Definition of Done (i.e. they mark 
a task as completed when it is finished to an agreed standard), adapt their plan 
each day to reach the Sprint Goal and hold each other to account as 
professionals.


The full Scrum guide is available at:
https://scrumguides.org/scrum-guide.html
